It's not over yet.
Now.
Let us make a deal with each other.
I will give you half of my yang energy, and in return
Your help is all I require.
Shit.
At this rate, your soul will be destroyed.
If you reveal your identity now,
I will let you go to the afterlife.
If I lose all my yang energy,
Then I will die too.
I told you not to
THE EAST PALACE
Are you all right?
The Prince was unharmed at least.
You were the one who saved him, were you not?
What's important is, why did you pull the rope?
Because I heard the bell stop ringing,
And I thought that you might be in danger or something.
Was I interrupting?
I thought I told you loud and clear before
To make sure that you do not pull the rope.
You never listen to anything.
You purged it?
The pond spirit?
All I could do was make it weak for now.
For a while, at least, it will not be able to move.
What's that look for?
I
I just regret misjudging your abilities, and I took you for a layabout.
I thought you were irredeemable and only cared about your own pleasure
And were someone who had no respect for other humans, other than,
Well, himself.
I mean, you're not wrong.
But still, that does not sit particularly right with me.
His Majesty is going to thank you for what you did to save Prince Yeongan.
Then put in a good word with your father so I may leave, will you?
How do you know about that?
-How long have you known? -From the moment I saw you.
Well, I wondered who His Majesty would send to help in secret.
And there you were, with such delicate hands for a woman.
Are you all right?
Not to mention, you are a spitting image of the man.
Huh?
You're strong-willed.
And your your your stubborn look says it all.
Wait, is that why you told me to show my blood?
The royal bloodline is why the spirit held a grudge.
You used me as bait?
The blood was used for a way to draw the pond spirit's attention elsewhere.
I can see now that His Majesty chose the right person.
And speaking of that
Let's help each other, without His Majesty's knowing about it.
Here.
The truth is, I'm allowed to stay here under close supervision
While the spirit is being dealt with.
So,
Buy me time to stay here a little bit longer.
And what exactly do you plan to do?
I am going to kill someone
Here in the palace.
Your Majesty.
A child who once served the late Crown Prince
Has requested an audience with you.
He claims to know about the spirit
And the Crown Prince.
He can enter.
All right.
So then,
Do you have something to say?
You are still young.
Yet you are quite courageous.
Yes, right here.
Why should I become your ally without His Majesty's knowledge?
Because those who know the palace's secrets
Are not permitted to leave this place alive.
So if I help you with your task,
You will let me leave the palace alive after I do?
Hmm
The bell though. How did you hear it?
I have a gift as well. It's rather similar to your own.
Mother!
Are you all right?
Did you see something inside?
Oh my.
And what do you think you two are doing here?
"The pond spirit."
"The serpent's shed skin killed the dragon's child."
Those were the words that were spoken by a spirit
Once trapped there when I was a young girl.
The dragon's child refers to the King's son.
And the shed skin of the serpent is the pond spirit, I would gather.
What are you on about?
If we look into the salt storehouse,
We can learn information surrounding the spirit.
-Don't tell me that the reason-- -That's not yours to worry about.
For now, you must investigate the pond spirit.
So anyway, you were cast out of the palace for hearing ghosts, huh?
Even though you're a princess, you have the gifts of a shaman.
What happened when you were young that led you to hear voices?
How did you grow up that you dig into people's hearts
With every word you seem to say?
Wow, you're getting all worked up over nothing.
Nothing?
You truly do not know how to consider other people's feelings.
You must be disliked by your friends and family.
I have neither to speak of. I'm an orphan.
Oh.
And you are one to talk.
Do you have any friends? Huh?
Are all royalty born annoying, because maybe--
That is enough!
You must hurry up and investigate the salt storehouse.
Seriously, this pond spirit
Hold on.
Don't tell me
Oh
Can it be?
Why are you going there? What is it?
-No way. -What
-Wait. -Is there something there?
I was saving this for later.
-What are you doing? -It really is here.
-A gwi-mae. -It is?
I need to figure out what kind it is.
Where did you get the rice cake from?
-Wait, why are you throwing-- -Sh!
Keep it down for a moment. Huh?
This can't be happening.
-No. -What do you see?
-Hey -We need to go immediately.
Follow me.
Come on!
But we need to check
You said it was a gwi-mae, and that it is bound to one place.
-We should be fine. -Hang on.
Just wait a minute!
That one is a special one.
It's called a ggeomeoksali.
It latches onto the living, not a place, and drains their yang energy.
-And those who have been affected by it -Their yang
Will die after witnessing terror.
A truly terrifying creature.
But
I understand, so stop pushing. Wait.
Let me show you where you will be staying.
His Majesty had your quarters changed because you saved Prince Yeongan.
Why are you telling me this now?
-Well -Where is it?
Over there. That way.
Quickly.
-Come on. -I am going. I am!
Good grief.
This is truly unbelievable.
Goodness.
What are you staring at?
I was a fool to trust him. My goodness, seriously. Ugh.
So, more comfortable lodging?
It's just the room across from the previous one.
Oh.
It followed us all the way here.
-The ggeomeoksali. -What?
Ggeomeoksali.
No.
That bastard is as clingy as sticky rice cakes.
What has made you act like that?
There is nothing here.
Anyway
Looks as if His Majesty is pleased with how you handled it.
That is a relief.
But just temporary.
If the pond spirit shows itself again,
It is certain that Prince Yeongan will soon die.
You must stay strong, Prince Yeongan.
Give it to me.
Please come back to us.
Your Majesty, now that even the last remaining prince,
Yeongan, lies so ill,
The succession of this realm is gravely imperiled.
Rumors surrounding the East Palace continue to circulate,
Shaking the very foundations of the nation.
The nation's foundations are shaken, you say?
You should mind the words you choose.
So long as I draw breath,
This great nation's foundations will not be shaken.
Your Majesty, Prince Iksang has arrived.
Prince Iksang? What's he doing here?
Greetings, my friends.
Have you had your meal today?
You are looking younger than ever, Aunt.
I see you still prefer to address me so, Prince Iksang.
How have you fared as of late?
I have returned from a tiger hunt in Hobyeong Valley.
I also lingered at the Nine Valleys of Hwayang,
Indulging in idle pleasures.
If I may say so,
You should not remain confined to the palace walls.
A period of rest outside is deserved.
I am not sure.
I entered these walls as Crown Princess at age 11.
I have never once set foot beyond its gates.
This palace is where I shall stay until the day I die.
You remain unchanged.
So why did you wish to see me again?
And how is your son?
He is doing well.
Unlike his father, he delights in scholarly pursuits.
Even so, a collateral figure of the royal family
Is barred from holding office.
A small stream cut off from the main current
Cannot easily spread.
However, should that main river grow foul and become dry
It should be cut away, making a new channel flow in place of it.
How dare a feng shui master like you venture to seek out an audience
With Her Majesty so lightly!
Get out at once.
He entered the palace under His Majesty's command.
He promptly arrived with important information
And at the will of His Majesty.
Wait here.
She sure is damn prickly, that woman.
She stands above all the ladies of the palace.
You suppose an audience with her comes easy?
I hear a noise coming close.
This place is crawling with yin.
Her Majesty is still unavailable.
You should leave.
Oh, what a mighty shame that is.
You see, I had something to tell her about the pond spirit.
Pardon? The pond spirit, you say?
Then please convey this one message.
Tell her she should start to think about
Who might rule next once the Crown Prince is dead.
What?
Who might be next?
What does he mean?
It was a waste to come here.
Trying to meet with the Queen Dowager.
No, there was a gain.
A gain? What do you mean?
Oh. Are you
She lives in a residence that's private.
Why is she in the palace wandering?
Who was that?
You know each other?
She is my grandmother.
The birth mother of His Majesty.
Is that why relations between the Queen Dowager
And the King are strained?
They're not blood-related?
Or rather,
Because the King was the child of a concubine.
Thirty years ago,
All of His Majesty's brothers died for reasons that were never made clear.
He alone survived among the late King's sons
And was named Crown Prince,
But because the lowborn blood of a court lady
Was said to run in his veins,
He was never fully acknowledged as the Crown Prince.
Not even now, after he ascended to the throne.
Your Majesty,
For the sake of this country and its people,
A new Crown Prince must be appointed.
This, I am aware of.
However, Prince Yeongan's health has yet to fully recover.
That is precisely why we are mentioning this, Your Majesty.
It is imperative that measures be taken.
What kind of measures?
You must move forth and select one of the royal kin
And name him your new Crown Prince, Your Majesty.
Grant your royal assent.
Do all of you believe the same thing?
That death will soon take my son?
Uh
How could we harbor such irreverence?
That is not what we imply or intend, Your Majesty.
That is not what you imply?!
Then whose intention is it?
Is it the Queen Dowager's intention?
I am deeply disappointed in you.
I went above and beyond to get you in here,
Yet you failed to command a single spirit and, instead, restored his health.
I did not drive away the spirit.
I only sought to draw the spirit toward the Prince.
Then was there another who drove the spirit away?
The feng shui master the King brought in is rather suspicious.
The King? He brought in a master of feng shui?
I want you to keep him under close watch.
If he truly is the one helping to destroy spirits
He will die at our hands.
The more spirits run rampant within the palace,
The further the King is driven into a corner.
And that serves me well.
Prince Iksang was at the Queen Dowager's residence?
My, that is truly impressive.
So she plans to alter the royal bloodline after all?
She intends to sever the curse that has endured for 30 years
And begin anew.
But it will not be so easy.
And for someone who has been bound by sin,
Does she truly believe she can escape it?
You all right?
You okay?
What's wrong with you?
Sorry, who are you?
Ji-yul, a sanggaksi serving in the Saenggwabang.
I will be sharing this chamber with you starting today.
Huh? That cannot be possible.
There.
Um I was told I would have my own quarters.
-I have never shared a chamber. -What's this?
This must be rather uncomfortable for you, so--
Not at all.
Before I entered the palace, I shared a room with nine of my family.
Ah.
What might all that fuss be about?
What? Oh my. You haven't heard about it?
A spirit was seen at the Queen Dowager's quarters.
A spirit, really?
Yes. Ever since I entered the palace, a lot of incidents have happened.
I heard a spirit showed up at the Saenggwabang too.
Hang on.
Tell me all that you have heard about the spirits.
Gosh, I'm so cold.
Damn it! Jeez.
What the
When did you get in here?
Hey. Stop that.
Stop coming closer!
Who said you could act all cute?
Why? Why pick on me? Huh?
Why?
Apparently, a salt storehouse spirit is in the Queen Dowager's quarters.
You mean right now?
We must go. We need to investigate immediately.
Sure. I cannot wait to get out of here.
What?
What is it?
Do you hear something?
I can't make it out. It's too subtle for me to hear.
Too faint to understand.
Hmm.
I should step inside to hear better.
Do you really have to go in alone?
I will be fine.
Okay, then I will wait out here for you.
Say what you need to say.
Tell me what happened. Please say it.
The serpent's shed skin killed the dragon's child.
"The serpent's shed skin killed the dragon's child."
Tell me who wrote these words.
The dragon's child refers to the late Crown Prince.
Her Majesty, the Queen, was born in the Year of the Snake.
So, that implies that the Crown Prince died
Because of Her Majesty.
It seems one of you wenches has insulted Her Majesty's house.
You will starve in here until you confess.
Not even a drop of water will be given.
They burned to death whilst in there?
Gather the court ladies' bones in jars and bury the lot.
Their vengeful spirits must be sealed so they cannot harm the royal house.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Have you had the chance yet
To look into who broke the sealed jars?
I have looked into it,
But I could not find the person who entered the salt storehouse.
This must have been done by someone
Who knows exactly what these jars are.
But are we not the only ones in the palace who know of those jars?
This must be an aimed attack against me, but who would do that?
Yes.
I know of a person who would do it.
Who is it?
I can see clearly how my fear of spirits momentarily clouded my sight.
Why did I not see it coming sooner than this?
All of this trouble began after I met with Prince Iksang.
Prince Yeongan has overcome the crisis, Your Majesty.
Therefore, I believe now is the time for you to appoint the Crown Prince.
His Majesty saw straight through my heart.
He is trying to stop me, no matter the cost.
I know that he means to oppose me with wielding spirits.
So if I'm right, it would seem the King wants me dead tonight!
But I will not let that happen.
I will not die at the hands of mere spirits.
Night will soon fall.
Court ladies are not to sleep tonight.
They will all protect me until daylight hours come!
So, for 30 years, the pond spirit
Has been killing the princes in the East Palace.
And the court ladies wrote that the princes were dying
Because of the Queen Dowager?
It was not the court ladies' doing.
They were falsely accused and put to death.
What is certain is that the pond spirit is connected to the Queen Dowager.
Still, thanks to your ability,
I was able to learn why the court ladies became won-gwi.
I could not have done it alone.
You did good work.
You are the first person
To say this strange ability of mine was helpful.
Is that so?
I assumed His Majesty sent you to me
Because your ability was a thing he valued.
I must have proved to be of use in helping with spirits.
Are you in bad standing with your father?
Hold your wretched tongue.
You must not tell me that you can hear such atrocious things.
Not any child who bears my blood.
Unless you wish to bring disgrace to our name.
To hear such strange things would indeed be a disgrace for the royal house.
Sounds good to me.
What do you mean by that?
It's just that since we both dislike the King,
It makes it feel almost like we are on the same side.
Even so,
When I heard those voices yelling to be let out, I should've helped them.
If only I had broken the jars that their souls were imprisoned in.
What could a mere child have done to help them?
Bearing such a strange gift would've been hard enough.
Don't carry that pointless guilt with you.
I, too, was feared and pointed at by others.
You can simply ignore people like that.
Just be mindful of them and live your life so you don't end up
Getting possessed like that.
Now I understand why you're so unusual.
Me?
I'll make sure they are correctly buried in the ground.
Whoa, whoa! Hey, hold on. Hold on.
I will grind these court ladies' bones into powder.
-What? -Hmm?
Ground into powder?
No, you must not!
Are you trying to shame the dead once again?
Oh, for crying out loud.
It's a pain having to explain this every time.
A won-gwi is a spirit that cannot just simply pass on to the afterlife
Because its resentment is weighing it down.
So if you use things to help it remember who it once was,
You can dissolve that resentment
And send it to the afterlife.
But then their souls do not disappear, right?
They are pitiful spirits.
Hey.
Pitiful or not, they are harming innocent people around the palace now.
There's no time to explain.
What do you mean "there's no time"? Are you saying that others will appear?
They're probably already under the Queen Dowager's nose.
Who is there?
Bring me a candle at once.
You will take this bone powder and go to the Buddhist temple
Where the Queen Dowager is.
I will go into the World of Gwi and confront them.
They will be with the Queen Dowager.
I am very sorry.
As you said, they are innocent won-gwi.
To set them free, we must get rid of the mass of resentment.
You must begin when I ring the bell.
So this is the only way in the end?
I am as good as dead.
Hurry, Saeng-gang! Do it now!
Let go of your grievances
And lay your anger to rest.
Now you can all find your peace.
I will guide you to the afterlife.
May you all
Be reborn in paradise.
We are innocent.
We are resentful.
-What my mother and I had to endure -We are resentful.
I've not forgotten about it.
We are innocent.
We are resentful.
What are you so resentful about?
We
We were only guilty of being in that place and put to death.
Who?
Who is trying to speak?
When she died, the Most Favored Lady of the Court
Uttered the curse
From this day on, no royal blood shall flow within these walls.
You insolent wench! How dare you speak in that manner!
When I die and become a spirit,
I will come back to sever the royal bloodline.
I will wipe out the royal bloodline and dry out the seed of the East Palace!
What are you waiting for? Stop her!
"No royal blood shall flow within this palace."
"I will dry out the seed of the East Palace."
"The serpent's shed skin killed the dragon's child."
She killed us because we heard
The Most Favored Lady of the Court's curse.
Under the pretense of the writing on the wall
The curse by The Most Favored Lady of the Court?
Does that mean the pond spirit's true identity
Is the Most Favored Lady of the Court?
We are innocent.
While we were in there, being burned alive,
Why did you stand by and do nothing to save us?
Those who commit sins are bound to be punished eventually.
You do not need to take a life with your own hands.